# Fish
Card game (Fish, very similar to Literature)
Basically, there is a card game ive been playing for a few months with friends, and here are the rules.

So we pass out the full deck and split it evenly amongst how many ever players we have. so for example if theres 4 players, everyone gets 54/4 cards. so like since thats not an exact amount, it has to be 2 players with 13 cards and 2 players with 14. And theres always two teams (for now, more than 2 teams will be added later) And then split that evenly amongst teams, meaning on team 1, one player has 13 and one has 14, and then the same on the other team - one has 13 and one has 14. So thats how you distribute the cards.

Then heres how the game works
let's say your name is Rish and your partner's name is Abdul and then on the other team we have Arush and Sidharth. So basically, there are nine sets in the game and the main goal of the game is to get as many sets on your team as possible. Now the sets are of six meaning every set has six cards in it. The first four sets are all the lowest six cards in each suit from two through seven for example, the two of hearts, the three of hearts, the four of hearts the five of hearts, the six of hearts and the seven of hearts, and then that would be the same for the club suit and the diamond suit and the spade suit so those are four of the sets. another four sets are the high sets which are from nine through ace, which is for example the nine of hearts, the 10 of hearts, the jack of hearts, the queen of hearts, the king of hearts and the ace of hearts again all four suits, including hearts, clubs, spades, and diamonds. And then the last set is composed of all four 8s and the two jokers so the 8 of clubs, the 8 of hearts, the 8 of diamonds and the 8 of spades and then the two jokers. 
so now that we have all nine sets how do we actually get sets on our team? so basically this works similar to go fish where you have to ask a player on the other team for a card and to help you complete a set. now for example if you have the four of hearts and the five of hearts and the six of hearts, that means you need the two of hearts and the three of hearts, and the six of hearts to complete the set. Now here are the rules of the game. number one you have to ask for a card from the other team, which means you cannot ask for any cards from your partner. number two whatever ask you make has to be a card from a set that you already have a card in. for example, You cannot ask somebody for the five of clubs if you do not have anything from the two through seven of club because that's not part of the set. and the third rule Is that you cannot ask for a card that you already have which is probably self-explanatory because if you ask for someone for a card that you already have, they obviously do not have it and that's just gonna confuse people and they're gonna think that you don't have it when in reality you do. then the last thing is that you are not allowed to see what cards your partner has. 

But you just have to know and infer what cards they have based on what they ask now for example, if we go back to the situation where you, Rish. Have the four hearts, the five of hearts and the six of hearts. And let's say it's not your turn and it's abdul's turn and he asks arush for the five of hearts. This means that you as a partner can infer that Abdul has at least either a two of hearts, three of hearts or a six of hearts because otherwise it was an illegal Ask. And now you already know arush is gonna say no because you obviously have the card yourself. And so basically how the turns work is, let's say you get an ask wrong like in this situation where abdul asked for the five of hearts fro arush and he got it wrong. The turn goes to arush. Now let's say he got it right hypothetically and Arush had the five of parts and gave it to Abdul. Then it would still be Abdul's turn because he got it correct. But for this situation now it would be arush's turn. So now let's say arush also has a card from this low heart set, and he was also paying attention. That means he knows that Abdul has a low heart so the logical thing for arush would be to ask abdul for another low heart card because now the theoretically there is a higher chance that he has the card that he's about to ask him for rather than me rish because it's a guarantee Abdul has a low heart. So now let's say Arush has the three of hearts and Abdul has the two of hearts and seven of hearts.  Arush doesn't know any of this besides his own card and the fact that Abdul doesn't have the five of hearts. So Arush's options are to eliminate the three of hearts, and the five of hearts from his asks, and then proceeds to ask abdul for the two of hearts. And now arush gets it correct because abdul has two hearts and then Abdul gives him the two of hearts so now it is still Arush's turn because he got it correct and then now he knows that he has the two of hearts and the three of hearts, and so that eliminated the two from his asks. Now there's a term called stripping keep determined mind because it's important and might be something that will be integrated into some sort of feature into the website later, but basically stripping is where you strip another person from that set. So arush is smart and it's going to strip abdul of all his low hearts so that in the future, he knows that none of the low hearts are in Abdul's hands, so what that means is he knows abdul doesn't have a three or two or five of hearts so arush has to take a gamble on either the fourth of hearts, the six of hearts or seven of hearts. Arush asks him for the six of hearts and he says no. Now Abdul knows that Arush stole that two of hearts from him and also has another low heart. He paid attention and based on the previous asks, he knows Arush does not have the six of hearts or the five of hearts and he also doesn't have the seven of hearts because Abdul himself has it so that means he's gonna strip rue now of all of his low hearts and he asked him first for that two of hearts that he stole earlier and then he has to take a gamble and asks him for the four of hearts. Arush says no because you Rish have the four of hearts which the rest of the game doesn't know yet. So now arush knows a lot of of the cards that abdul has specifically in that set but because he doesn't have any left in that set, he cannot get any of those cards back from abdul and has to ask for a different set for either Abdul or me, Rish. Abdul is also smart and recognizes this switch up where arush doesn't ask for that anymore, which means Abdul now knows that Arush doesn't have any of the other low hearts and it's either in Sidharth's hands or my hands. however let's say hypothetically arush still has a low heart, but he still changes the set he's asking for he might do that on purpose to confuse Abdul into thinking that Arush doesn't have any low hearts left. However, this tactic isn't very common nor is it ideal because a lot of the times you just want to know where to set is at all times and try to get the set as fast as possible because first there's a lot of thinking involved and it's hard to keep track of everything and it's just not that deep. But in this situation, arush is not pulling off this trick. He just genuinely doesn't have any low hearts left. And Arush asks rish for something from a high clubs, for example and he gets it wrong. Now rish has a high club and nose that arush doesn't have the one that he just asked for so he can either continue with that high club set or he can try to get the low heart set onto his team. So the ideal move is to go back to the low heart set. Now me, Rish I have the four of hearts and the five of hearts. And the six of hearts, I know that the three of hearts is missing somewhere because based on the previous asks (sorry if I didn't include them or this information is not entirely accurate because some of the numbers might be wrong because I'm also not the best fish player myself in terms of entrances because I'm also half asleep right now writing this read me but forgive me for it, but you still get the idea based on if you continue reading it) I know that Abdul has the two of hearts and the seven of hearts (how I know the seven of hearts is in his hand might not be in this red me, but it was probably based on previous asks or him getting it from arush or Siddarth or whatever it was) and I know that the three of hearts is either in Abdul's hand or in Siddarth's hand. So I asked Siddarth for the three of hearts and he says no I do not have it. therefore based on some unclarified in this readme previous asks I know that the three of hearts is in Abdul's hand. So now what I can do is I will call set. What that means is when you call set you have to say I call set and then say I have the four and five and six of hearts and then you have to say Abdul has the two and three and seven of hearts. You have to specifically say exactly what cards he has in order to claim the set on your team. Now this is easier with two players on your team. But now let's say we had three players on the team and it's like you have the two of hearts and the three of hearts and player two has the seven of hearts and five of hearts and player three has the six of hearts and four of hearts, and you call set (you can call set whenever you want even if it is out of turn), you have to know exactly where all the cards are, for example, if you get it wrong and say player two has the four of hearts and the seven hearts and five of hearts, and then say player three has just the six of hearts, that means you got it wrong because you weren't paying attention properly or didn't think it through properly, now that you got it wrong. The other team gets the set on their team since you got it wrong. So you have to be very careful for when you call set because if you get any singular card wrong based on where the card is in your team, then the other team gets the set. That's basically the whole game and at the end of the game whoever has the more amount of sets on their team wins. So sometimes you can play where whoever gets five sets first wins because obviously there's nine sets total and if you have five, then there's no way the other team will get anymore so the game can possibly end but you can keep going to see how badly the other team loses let's say like eight sets to one cent or something, but you can make it just end after someone gets five sets. Yeah there's also a thing where you can call counter set which means all the cards in a specific set is on the other team and you know exactly who has what card on that team and you call counters and say who has what card, then you can claim it for your team if you do it before that team calls set because who knows maybe that team was too stupid or not paying attention properly to the point where they didn't call set yet and you figured it out before them somehow based on inferences. That's basically how the game works and the winner is always the one who pays attention more thinks more and smarter and more present in the game so it's a very fun game. 